the ECB said it would taper the ECB
claimed it would reduce its money
printing as the ECB lied does that
surprise anybody you came here for the
truth today we are going to talk about
the ECB we are going to talk about the
LIBOR scandal I hope nobody's forgot
about that and then I want to touch on a
few other issues let's get into this
right away is a long article but I just
want to cover a couple points contrary
to expectations not only does the ECB
not trim its corporate purchases for the
week it appears to have ramped up bond
buys its holdings rose from 75 to 77
that's a two billion euro increase and
this is a forty percent increase from
its recent scaled-back run rate of three
hundred mil its buying up garbage debt
to support these corporations to support
these countries and if it wasn't there
as a crutch the entire you EU would
collapse that's just the way it is in a
way I could say you know I guess it's a
good thing that the EU is doing this
because otherwise there would be a
massive collapse but at the same time
it's not only prolonging the collapse
the inevitable collapse but it is also
inevitably making it worse and that's
what happens every single time
government internet was my first book
the theme of the first book throughout
the historical section every time the
government intervened i showed you
example after example after example
every single time it simply makes it
worse it makes the recovery longer and
harder to come by and that's just a fact
so let's move into the diagram here
quickly the number of bonds purchased by
country of risk might be hard to see for
you the top three in all
our friends Germany and Italy than Spain
and so on these are the countries and
you know i think that the grease is a
completely separate situation despite
the fact that it's obviously in quite
some turmoil right now number of bonds
purchased by sector by far utilities are
they're suffering right now at this time
so instead of allowing it to fail
instead of allowing companies to fail
and then you would have new investment
coming forth you would have mergers that
would take place you would have things
that the the natural market forces would
then step in the government the central
bank they step in and they say look
we're going to overtake these
corporations and we will then decide
what happened then of course they go
bankrupt on the brink of bankruptcy and
they say okay IMF supranational entities
the EU you decide how this all takes
place very dangerous policy all right
LIBOR LIBOR the Bank of England
implicated in secret recording this is
new information but the recording was
from quite a few years ago now it states
specifically that yes in fact the
central bank had a little discussion
with the commercial banks and said you
need to maintain these fraudulent rates
you need to all get together and decide
what the rates should be a complete
fraud a complete lie and the people are
just throwing their money into the
system knowing all of the fight all the
fraud all the garbage that's out there
and I call it garbage in the
offend some people you know I've
actually talked to people in the finance
industry and I've set up set them so
much with the things that I've said and
[Music]
it doesn't matter to me i mean if that's
what i believe is the truth i'm going to
speak it and it hurts people it really
hurts them particularly number one when
they have all of their assets all of
their family's assets all under the
financial system then they work in the
financial industry investing other
people's money the whole livelihood
their whole job their car putting their
kids in in you know all these different
programs and things and everything is
all riding on the fact that let's just
get over these problems let's just make
sure everything's okay print money if
you have to reduce the interest rates if
you have to don't worry about a little
bit of inflation nobody's going to feel
it you know it's okay just keep it going
just keep those false ideologies going
but I for one and I'm sure many of you
agree just like Buckley's it tastes
awful but it works look we just have to
take it just take it if it's going to be
bad let's just take it rip off that
band-aid in one swipe let's do this but
that's not the way it's going to be it's
just simply not they're not going to
ever admit their faults and we know that
so you and I we could see that okay
nothing's going to be fixed we know that
financial crisis they had a great chance
to do that that's not going to happen
okay what do we do well we start
planning accordingly we take our money
out of the system it's too risky it's
too fragile and then we plan to then
invest in assets take the money out of
the garbage put it in to real assets
there are many I've talked about that at
length I have covered it in both of my
books it's out there let's move on
this right here this right here is
exactly what I warned about all the time
do not trust anyone do not trust the
man's voice you hear right now I do my
best to do my due diligence to show you
the information but the difference
between me and almost every single other
YouTube channel and you know it
mainstream media is that I my intention
with my books with my videos with my
free ebooks with everything that I do is
not to tell you what to think it's to
empower you as an individual to then do
what you need to do to support yourself
and your family and if you agree with me
on that if you could tell that please
let me know hundreds of articles
published on top financial news websites
were authored by individuals being paid
to promote certain biotech stocks
they're being paid off and this is just
one example that we have found out and
what sites are they are they some you
know untrustworthy blogs no seeking
alpha Forbes the street Yahoo Finance
Motley Fool then Zynga and it goes on
there you pop with her websites I mean
look Forbes is on there and a lot of
people take that advice and they make
their investment decisions based on it
you have a lot of financial planners
that go to these websites use that as
their own guide to invest other people's
money and their own and their families
money this is why I always say we can't
look at one or two indicators and never
never never do you ever take an
individual's advice not my advice I try
not to even given much
now my advice not you know I had the
state advice or a central bankers advice
or an analyst advice even if he's been
proven right you don't do that you look
at the indicators you see there's
hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of
indicators and then you make your own
decisions I try to bring you the
indicators so that you can say for
yourself as time goes on I'm not going
to bring out every indicator every
single day the videos would be you know
hours and hours and hours and hours long
I try to bring you these indicators so
that you can then go on your own time
and you say you know what what's the
civilian labor force participation rate
at today david hasn't talked about that
for three months now I want to know what
that I've heard him saying I want to
know what is that so you check it for
yourself and you realize wow ok the
trend is still there and I understand
that ok good so that empowers you and I
hope that I've been very clear about
that it's very important this the whole
financial media it's all garbage the
alternative news sorry to say most of
it's pretty much all of it is garbage
there's all gurus everybody is a guru
these days that's not me don't listen to
what I have to say just take the
information that I give you and use it
to empower yourself I hope that I'm
clear about that thank you thank you
every single one of you now one more
three might break out no big deal
whatever president Trump has ordered his
military advisors to be ready with a
list of options to smash North Korea you
can see that the ships have been brought
in there ready to go they are
considering putting nuclear weaponry
into South Korea have this ready to go
they want to engage the war with China
now apparently look at this trying to
deploy 150,000 troops to deal with
possible North Korean refugees over
fears Trump may strike kim jong hoon
following a missile attack on Syria this
is from a South Korean news agency if
i'm not mistaken but we don't know
what's true we don't know exactly how
the
all really taking place all I can see is
a lot of rhetoric back and forth at this
time we could see the saber rattling we
can see world war three looming it's
getting very close now we are at any
moment I mean they've attacked Syria the
u.s. tossed I believe us 59 Tomahawk
missiles in there and to me that's very
concerning I don't know what's really
going on all the news is fake news these
days all I can say is we need to have
cooler heads prevail and we need to calm
down all this warm business because
nobody wins a lot of people say you know
what bomb this country in that country
and all that nobody wins in the end
nobody wins okay it's the
military-industrial complex there are
the only winners individuals in all of
the countries suffer military-industrial
complex big winner if you found the
video informative please give me a
thumbs up look we are now app for the
money GPS 42 thousand subscribers this
is a great day thank you to each and
every single one of you I wanted to say
that I am so appreciative of all of the
support that I get through the donations
on patreon you individuals there have
been donating to me and I'm so happy to
see that all month after month
generously giving and i truly appreciate
that then there are the individuals
doing so through paypal thank you to
each and every one of you and
individuals through bitcoin thank you to
each and every one of you and also of
course although support me supporting me
by buying my books all of those
supporting me by watching the
advertisements on youtube and clicking
on them every so often if you know what
I mean I didn't say that wink wink
and everybody who gives me a comment
down below and then I reply to you I'm
the probably the most active channel out
there in terms of replying thank you all
to those who give me the thumbs up to
likes subscribe on here of course that
helps me that helps me when you share
these videos and everything else thank
you thank you thank you if you found
this video informative I know you'll
find my book is the money GPS and global
economic collapse even more informative
head over to Amazon because they have a
look inside feature that will allow you
to flip through the pages of these books
and see if you like take care